[DOC] Add rebase mode notes for databricks doc [skip ci] (#5408)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/get-started/getting-started-databricks.md

   (where N is the number of GPUs per node). This will result in failed executors when starting the
   cluster.

5. Parquet rebase mode is set to "LEGACY" by default.

>    Below 2 rebase mode related Spark configurations are set to `LEGACY` by default on Databricks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The following Spark configurations are set to `LEGACY` by default on Databricks:
```

   
   ```
   spark.sql.legacy.parquet.datetimeRebaseModeInWrite
   spark.sql.legacy.parquet.int96RebaseModeInWrite
   ```
   

>    It will cause CPU fallback when writing parquet files. If you do not need "LEGACY" mode, please 
>    set them back to "EXCEPTION" which is the default value in Apache Spark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   These settings will cause a CPU fallback for Parquet writes involving dates and timestamps.
   If you do not need `LEGACY` write semantics, set these configs to `EXCEPTION` which is
   the default value in Apache Spark.
```

Reviewer 2: Can we say that this is the default value in Apache Spark 3.0 and higher?

Author: > Can we say that this is the default value in Apache Spark 3.0 and higher?

Added.
